The process of converting data from one data type from another data type is called as type casting.

In java, there are two types of typecasting.

1) Primitive data types type casting.
2) user defined data types type casting.
--> The process of converting data from one user defined data type to another user defined data types is called 
    use defined data types type casting, we  must require extends or implements relation to perform user defined
    data type casting.

1) Primitive data types types casting
---------------------------------------
--> The process of converting data from one primitive data type to another primive data type is called as 
    primitive data types type casting.
    In, java there are two types of primitive data types type casting.

    a) Implicit type casting.
    b) Explicit type casting.

a) Implicit type casting
----------------------------
--> The process of converting from data from lower data type to higher data type is called as implicit type cating.

Q) Here which one is lower data type and which one is higher data type?
--> This depends on which data type able to store more data is called higher data type,
    This is not based on which have more memory is higher data types.memory size is not the point to decide
    that which is higher and which is lower.

java provided one chart which shows which data type is higher.

 1        2         4        8        4         8
byte --> short --> int --> long --> float --> double
                    ^
                    |
                   char(2)

Above chart means we can implicit convert from byte to short, int to long, char to int,and so on, means lower can converted into any
higher.

b) Explicit type casting
-------------------------------
--> The process of converting higher data type to lower data type is called explicit type casting.
    To perform explicit type casting, java has provided pattern

    P a = (q) b;
    b = variable of higer data type
    a = variable of lower data type
    where q must be same as or lower than p, as per implicit type casting.
    () = cast operator
